Worst KFC outlet i have ever been to, ordered chicken zinger meal and rice bowl, rice bowl was fine but zinger meal was not worth it. A very tiny cold chicken patty inside with a cold cheese plus the buns felt like not toasted absolute disaster of a burger and the fries are never crispy may it be any KFC. On returning the burger The girl on the cash counter said sir cheese will be cold and she said to wait, what she did is kept it in their oven to warm it.. finally i got cash out never goin back again to this place.
A decent outlet with great ambiance and quick service. The staff is also very nice and it is one of the best KFC outlets I have ever been to. The food is great, everything is perfect. Kudos to the management.
The only reason i visit this place is the new varieties which come out evry now nd then...whnevr kfc launches new items in their menu, it becmes a duty to consume them..some are nice nd some are really a waste of money but overall its a gud place
 It is located in kamla nagar near McDonald's and bercos.
Delivery was up to the mark.
I ordered one potato krisper which was not up to the mark.
Veg stripes were yummu.
Chesse crunch burger was very good. It was worth for the money
WELL, being a hard core non vegetarian I can say KFC is a heaven for us. The service here is pretty quick. Staff is really courteous too! Proper hygiene is followed. I liked the concept of reasonable pricing of the food items in their menu. Worth every penny. Will go again soon.
Some time back, almost every branch of kfc was turning into a huge disappointment for me, in terms of everything from the taste to the staff but after I saw the ad for the new zinger 5 in 1 meal box, I decided to give it a try. I don't know if I'm the only one who is annoyed at these people for giving beverages filled upto only half of the glass. No other chain does this kind of a thing and I've seen this happening at all the branches of kfc that I've visited. The zinger box shows a burger, 2 pieces of hot wings, a veg strip, a Pepsi can and a choco pie. Instead of the veg strip, they gave a potato hashbrown and the Pepsi can was conveniently replaced by the regular fountain Pepsi which they already stuff with ice cubes. While placing the order, there was not mention of extra cheese from either party and later on I realized that without having said so, they added a cheese slice and charged for it. A cheese slice worth 10 bucks isn't a big issue but cheating customers through these cheap tricks is and kfc has been doing a good job in this context. Not visiting this or any other outlet of kfc again. It's high time someone pays attention to the ratings and reviews and takes some action to retain customers in the future as I've never seen any other contemporary food chains indulging in such practices.
Went there yesterday for the first time although its rating is pretty bad. Had a nearbuy coupon for chicken wings and spicy chicken with mojito along with a burger.
All of them tasted yum. The outlet has ample seating area although there was quite a rush.
The added pictures are of a yum delivered order!
When I visited KFC last year the chicken was crispy and not too oily but at this outlet it was not crispy and oozing with oil.I had the hot and crispy combo which consisted of 2 hot and crispy chicken,2 hot wings and a classic mint mojito.The mojito was good,hot wings weren't spicy as usual and the chicken was soft.Seriously!! This outlet needs to increase its standards.
KfC is an all time favourite. Hot wings and boneless along with crushers.. is one of the favourites. Sourav Joshi's first chicken experience celebration.